.nh
.TH RCB 1 "0.11.0" RCB "User Manuals"
.SH \fBNAME\fR
rcb
.SH \fBSYNOPSIS\fR
\fBrcb\fP [\fIcommand\fP] [\fIoptions\fP] [\fIarguments\fP]
.br
\fBrcb\fP [\fIcommand\fP] [\fIarguments\fP] [\fIoptions\fP]
.br
\fBrcb\fP [\fIcommand\fP] [\fIoptions\fP]
.br
\fBrcb\fP [\fIcommand\fP] [\fIarguments\fP]
.br
\fBrcb\fP [\fIoptions\fP]
.br
.SH \fBDESCRIPTION\fR
This program is a file rcbing utility for the terminal that can reverse file deletion.
.SH \fBrcb OPTIONS\fR
.PP
\fB$ rcb\fP \fI--help, -h\fP
.br
Gives you basic usage information for the program.
.br
When paired with a command it will change the output of basic usage.

For example these two will have different usage outputs:
.br 
\fB$ rcb\fP \fIdelete --help\fP
.br
\fB$ rcb\fP \fI--help\fP

\fB$ rcb\fP \fI--version\fR
.br
Gives you the version of the rcb program
.SH \fBPRIMARY COMMANDS\fR
\fBdelete   | d\fR
.br
\fBlist     | l\fR
.br
\fBrestore  | r\fR
.br
\fBerase    | e\fR
.br
\fBvalidate | v\fR
.SH \fBENVIRONMENT\fR
\fB$RCB_DIR\fR
.br
The directory where the rcb/ folder will be located. Defaults to \fI$HOME/.rcb/\fP\&. The directory filename before the last delimiter will be used as the root of the rcb directory name.
.PP
E.G:
\fIexport RCB_DIR=/home/user/.local/shared/.rcbAlt/\fP\&, will make .rcbAlt/ become the rcb directory name.
.PP
.SH \fBMANUAL ENTRIES\fR
rcb
.br
rcb-delete
.br
rcb-list
.br
rcb-restore
.br
rcb-erase
.br
rcb-validate
.SH SEE ALSO
Public repository available at: https://github.com/Isfand/rcb
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Isfand Mirza.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright © 2024-2025, Isfand Mirza.
